using opentelemetry.io* namespace for extracing resource based on annotations  from k8s Api #2330 (#3010)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator: README.md

EOF
```

> ### using opentelemetry.io* namespace for extracing resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting instrumentation resource attributes via namespace annotations
```

> This example shows a pod configuration with OpenTelemetry annotations using the `resource.opentelemetry.io/` prefix. These annotations can be used to extract resource information for OpenTelemetry instrumentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows a pod configuration with OpenTelemetry annotations using the `resource.opentelemetry.io/` prefix. These annotations can be used to add resource attributes to data produced by OpenTelemetry instrumentation.
```
